DB-3708: audit readmes and docs (#277)
pantheon-systems/decoupled-kit-js: web/docs/Packages/drupal-kit/index.md

Modules can be imported from the ` @pantheon-systems/drupal-kit` package. For

> example, to use Drupal State to source data from your CMS backend:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
example, to use DrupalState to source data from your CMS backend:
```
